Feature/searchable tags watcher (#10758)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/dynamic-config.md

|core.default.apdexThreshold| The apdex threshold settings. Overrides `service-apdex-threshold.yml`. | Same as [`service-apdex-threshold.yml`](apdex-threshold.md). |
|core.default.endpoint-name-grouping| The endpoint name grouping setting. Overrides `endpoint-name-grouping.yml`. | Same as [`endpoint-name-grouping.yml`](endpoint-grouping-rules.md). |
|core.default.log4j-xml| The log4j xml configuration. Overrides `log4j2.xml`. | Same as [`log4j2.xml`](dynamical-logging.md). |

> |core.default.searchableTracesTags| The searchableTracesTags configuration. Overrides `core/default/searchableTracesTags` of `application.yml`. | http.method,http.status_code,rpc.status_code,db.type,db.instance,mq.queue,mq.topic,mq.broker |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|core.default.searchableTracesTags| The searchableTracesTags configuration. Override `core/default/searchableTracesTags` in the `application.yml`. | http.method,http.status_code,rpc.status_code,db.type,db.instance,mq.queue,mq.topic,mq.broker |
```
